Update component schema with current values (#3743)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/resource-specs/component-schema.md

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component

> auth: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth: 
 secretstore: [SECRET-STORE-NAME]
```

|--------------------|:--------:|---------|---------|
| apiVersion         | Y        | The version of the Dapr (and Kubernetes if applicable) API you are calling | `dapr.io/v1alpha1`
| kind               | Y        | The type of resource. For components is must always be `Component` | `Component`

> | auth               | N        | The authentication details for the component |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| auth               | N        | The name of a secret store where `secretKeyRef` in the metadata lookup the name of secrets used in the component | `appsecretstore`
```

Reviewer: See https://docs.dapr.io/operations/components/component-secrets/ for an example.
